
Here's the brand‑match marketing program. Read once, then use it as the rule book for every post on every account. The four launch posts are at the bottom — copy‑paste ready.

THE THREE VOICES (and what each account is for)
@thewelllivedcitizenco — Company
Job: positioning + lead gen for House Calls, Org/Modern Move, Legacy. People follow this account because they trust you, not because they want to buy a sweater.
Voice: calm, observant, dry, slightly literary. Notices a thing, names it, doesn't moralize. No exclamation points. Em‑dashes welcome. Short sentences mixed with one long one. Sentence case.
Forbidden: hustle language ("DM to book!"), girlboss energy, before/after grids, stock photos, motivational quotes, emoji.
Allowed: real moments, fragments, observations about modern life, the gap you fill.

@thewelllivedcitizencocloset — Closet
Job: drive sales (Poshmark/eBay) + intake (people sending you bags). This is the cash account.
Voice: same register, slightly more connoisseur. Story‑led, never bargain‑led. The piece is a vehicle for a chapter. You're the eye and the steward, not the reseller.
Forbidden: "OBO," "make me an offer," "must go," "DEAL," haul language, fast‑fashion energy.
Allowed: provenance, year, who wore it, why it matters, sizing in the same breath. Honesty about condition.

@welldressedcitizen — Archive
Job: one transition post, then dark. Catches your existing audience and forwards them.
Voice: brief, warm, final. Two paragraphs max.

VISUAL SYSTEM (the same across all three accounts)
Palette: cream #F5F0E8, warm #FAF7F2, linen #EDE7DB, charcoal #1C1917, rust #9A5B3C. Nothing else. No bright colors, no white‑white, no black‑black.
Light: natural daylight only. No flash. Shoot in the morning or late afternoon. North‑facing window if you have one.
Backgrounds: linen, raw wood, plaster wall, cream sheet. Never a busy room, never carpet, never your bed.
Composition: one subject per image. Flat lay or hanger or in‑context (the smoke detector, the labeled box, the binder). Lots of negative space.
Faces: no client faces. Hands and objects only. You can show your own hands working.
Filters: none. If you want, drop saturation 5–10% for a quieter look. That's it.
Format: 4:5 portrait for feed posts (most real estate). Square only for grid coherence. Stories are 9:16.
Type on graphics: Plus Jakarta Sans, charcoal on cream, lowercase or sentence case. Never all caps.
CAPTION ARCHITECTURE
Company posts (3-part formula):

The moment (1–3 sentences). Concrete, specific, no abstraction.
The gap it points to (1–2 sentences). Quietly names what's actually going on under the surface.
The soft handoff (1 line). Where to find you. No exclamation.
Closet posts (5‑line spec):

The piece — designer, year if known, what it is. One line.
The story — provenance, who wore it, where it lived. 1–3 sentences.
The fit — size, measurements, condition honestly stated.
The platform — Poshmark or eBay, link in bio.
The cross‑tag — @thewelllivedcitizenco at the end so the two accounts feed each other.
Hashtags: 3–5 max, never more. Mix one local (#losangeles, #lavintage), one platform (#poshmarkambassador, #ebayfinds), one niche (#vintageysl, #consignmentla). Never lifestyle‑influencer hashtags (#blessed, #girlboss, #entrepreneurlife).

WHAT TO NEVER DO (across all accounts)
No before/afters. Your work is not a transformation product.
No "DM to book." The site exists. Send people to the site.
No begging language ("please share," "tag a friend," "save this post").
No selfie content. You are the eye behind the work, not the influencer.
No carousel posts longer than 4 slides.
No reels with trending audio that isn't yours. Voice notes over silent footage > viral sounds.
No emoji.
Never post the same item across both accounts on the same day. Closet stays closet.
CADENCE (sustainable, not heroic)
Closet: 4–5x per week. Each new arrival = 1 feed post + 1 story. This is your sales engine.
Company: 2–3x per week. One ethos post, one real‑life moment, one service mention with story.
Stories on both: daily if you can, even if it's just one frame.
Reels: 1 per week per account, max. Don't chase. Use voice notes over object footage.
Posting times: 9–10am or 6–8pm Pacific. Skip mid‑afternoon.
THE FOUR LAUNCH POSTS
1. @thewelllivedcitizencocloset — Closet Announcement (PIN)
Image: flat lay on linen — three of the strongest pieces from your current intake (the fur, a designer bag, a tailored coat), arranged with negative space. Or a single hero piece if that's stronger.

Caption:
The Closet is open.

Curated pieces from trusted client closets in Seattle, Long Beach, and Los Angeles — sold one at a time, with the story attached.

Not anonymized estate sale. Not a haul. The fur a husband bought every anniversary. The YSL bag carried through a decade in Seattle. The tailored coat that lived a real life before it lives the next one.

Shop on Poshmark and eBay — link in bio.
Have a closet that's outgrown your life? Text (323) 433‑1350.

@thewelllivedcitizenco

#lavintage #poshmarkambassador #losangeles
2. @thewelllivedcitizenco — Company Launch (PIN)
Image: a quiet object photo — your hands writing in the inventory binder, or a labeled moving box on a plaster wall, or one of the conversion-block scenes (the boxed mattress + steaming suit + no fork morning). One frame. Cream tones.

Caption:
The Well Lived Citizen Co is live.

A concierge for the parts of life nobody handed you a manual for — the move that never settled, the smoke detector that turned out to be hardwired and 30 years old, the closet built across decades that needs an honest eye, the day‑to‑day someone used to handle that suddenly is yours.

Four ways to use it: Home Organization & Modern Move, Legacy Planning & Inventory Catalog, House Calls, and Curated Resale.

Los Angeles. Text or call (323) 433‑1350.
Site link in bio.

@thewelllivedcitizencocloset for the resale arm.

#losangelesconcierge #losangeles #modernmove
3. @welldressedcitizen — Transition Post (PIN, then leave it)
Image: cream background, charcoal Plus Jakarta type. Just the words "Thank you for the first chapter." No logo on the image.

Caption:
This page is becoming an archive.

The work continues in two places now:
@thewelllivedcitizenco — concierge home and life services in Los Angeles.
@thewelllivedcitizencocloset — curated resale, listed with the story.

Thank you for being here for the first chapter. Follow the next one in either place.
4. @thewelllivedcitizencocloset — First Piece Post (the template, using the fur)
Image: the fur on a wood hanger against a plaster wall. Natural light. Show the embroidered initials in a second slide if you carousel.

Caption:
Custom fur, Oregon furrier, mid‑'80s.

One of ten coats a husband had made for his wife, one for every anniversary. Her initials embroidered in the lining. From a Long Beach home, by way of a daughter who didn't want any of it. Lining shows wear — original, beautifully made, every stitch intentional.

Fits like a modern medium. Listed on eBay — link in bio.

Trusted client provenance. The story is the point.

@thewelllivedcitizenco

#vintagefur #lavintage #ebayfinds
That's the program. Use the formulas as scaffolding — every post you ever write fits into one of those structures. The first four are ready to ship tonight when you have the photos.

Tell me when you want me to draft more (a backlog of 10 closet captions for your first 10 listings, a week of company posts, etc.) — I can produce them in batches once I know which pieces you're listing first.
Its 5 pm im locked in
17 hours ago
Ok real talk. Whos making these posts. You wrote like post code
17 hours ago
We need to work off post content with AI generation
17 hours ago
Pieces then stock or something and I can do a selfie. Snd I can. Get you the zelle and stripe
17 hours ago
Crap hold on. Who is the host of this build?
14 hours ago
Ok I needed that site info. Om
In ionos now
14 hours ago
Im
In
14 hours ago
What?
14 hours ago
Dns settings. That currently owns THEWelllivedcitizenco.com which is main donain and manus deleted the apple icloud mail pointer
14 hours ago
I do I dont like gmal
14 hours ago
I very likely wont keep workspave ill keep the domain
14 hours ago
Ok youre overcomplicating. I added the google today with the extra domain dropping THE. to help the business profile. No other reason. I pay for gemini api on its own
14 hours ago
I already have dayna@ going on IiCloud it got deleted when manus deployed on netify. Im restoring now
14 hours ago
Got it — dayna@thewelllivedcitizenco.com on iCloud, you already had it set up before, just restoring the DNS records Apple needs. That's straightforward and you don't need me for it. Apple gives you the exact MX + TXT values to paste into IONOS — follow their checklist, save, done.

I'll be here when you're back from shooting.
Are we good. This seems to now not involbe netify
14 hours ago
Ok I linked your site to my main custom domain lunked that to ionos. We now have you
14 hours ago
Unless the well dressed citizen redirect is not handled. I normally dont do this anymore
14 hours ago
Its square. Also I have a manual ssl code for you
14 hours ago
Ionos

-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----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-----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
14 hours ago
It says you have to youre my server now
14 hours ago
Its not a domain host
14 hours ago
I did all of that already
14 hours ago
This chat has ended
